permanent url for semantic-tool-hub resources (#4051)
perma-id/w3id.org: toolhub/readme.md

The Semantic Toolhub
===

> The aim of this url to provide permanent location for resources related to semantic-toolhub.

Reviewer: The w3id-based URI does not provide a location; rather it provides a redirecting address/identifier which can be re-targeted to locations that may change over time.
```suggestion
The aim of this url to provide a permanent address for resources related to semantic-toolhub.
```
